[en]update insight-userguide docs (#5200)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/insight/user-guide/trace/topology.md

1. Go to the __Insight__ product module.

> 2. Select __Trace Tracking__ -> __Service Map__ from the left navigation pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select __Tracing__ -> __Service Map__ from the left navigation bar.
```
附近没有截图，可以直接改掉

Reviewer: bar, pane, button, menu 这些常用的软件词汇，可以参考：
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/globalization/reference/microsoft-terminology
